So far, in the software engineering section,
you practiced writing clean and maintainable code.
Then, in object oriented programming,
you built a Python package.
In this final software engineering lesson,
you're going to use your new skills to build an actual application, a data dashboard.
A data dashboard is a collection of
visualizations that help you track key metrics and trends.
Creating dashboards is a common task for both data analysts and data scientists.
Making a Web dashboard from scratch however,
requires a wide set of tools including HTML,
JavaScript, CSS, Linux, some object oriented programming,
and for this particular dashboard that you're going to make, Python.
At Udacity, we have an entire nanodegree
dedicated to learning these skills called Full-Stack Web Developer.
Because making a Web app is its own career path that takes months to learn,
this lesson will give a relatively quick and high level overview of Web development.
We'll also provide you with a template to make
building and deploying the application easier.
You'll even be able to reuse this template to build
your own data dashboards outside of this course.
By the end of the lesson,
you'll have deployed a public facing Web app accessible via the Internet.